user-namespaces.md: subid count per pod is hard-coded to 65536 (#49288)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces.md

> 
> * The subordinate ID count must be at least `65536 x <maxPods>` where `<maxPods>`
>   is the maximum number of pods that can run on the node.
>   Currently, the subordinate ID count for each of pods is hard-coded to 65536.

Reviewer: How I'd write it:
```suggestion
  (for Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} the subordinate ID count for each Pod is hard-coded
  to 65536).
  
* The subordinate ID count must be at least `65536 x <maxPods>` where `<maxPods>`
  is the maximum number of pods that can run on the node.

```
